and it's just going to play
I thought I was going to call ales ae
already the team returns to play better
I already have it, go there is not janaina
become so important is that even that is
It's a good face, it 's the one who financed the view.
try a place like you can not score the goal
I do not do you fund already funded
give reason throughout the narrative each
one feels no against reactivation is
it is UNICAP tank when the date of
appointment, they no longer believe in
front with anyone until the Iotti
to disbelieve in
Yesterday I said oh, it's already over and back.
occurs in haiti
This is it, my life, I want to stay
ae0 jorge a prost corona already who is
playing the league will promote the idea of
release
already the pink
It's time for my show
already enough to cry of André
ai ai ai ai
the snake already the anapolina da silva ends
today the record replica
worked for example tj my sister
joined the rain
your phrase the minas arrived judicial
and the engine still continues the show
will be an additional guarantee of
corn is there there, there it is
that lady of the 3rd
and then what you think
now Roma e da silva char HIV I
and ii on the vitality to speak in 50
half an hour to arrive
already in portugal is now just need to send
drugs and sending the Brazilian women
so it was not our clothes is all yours
work transporting the drug through the flames
arrived this afternoon rita